Pipeline: filter: wasm: style (#1703)
fluent/fluent-bit-docs: pipeline/filters/wasm.md

---
description: Use Wasm programs as a filter.
---

# Wasm

> The _Wasm_ Filter lets you modify the incoming records using [Wasm](https://webassembly.org/) technology.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The _Wasm_ filter lets you modify the incoming records using [Wasm](https://webassembly.org/) technology.
```

You can extend Fluent Bit capabilities by writing custom filters using built Wasm programs and its runtime. A Wasm-based filter takes the following steps:

> 1. (Optional) Compile Ahead Of Time (AOT) objects to optimize the Wasm execution pipeline.
> 1. Configure the filter in the main configuration.
> 1. Prepare a Wasm program that will be used by the filter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. (Optional) Compiles Ahead Of Time (AOT) objects to optimize the Wasm execution pipeline.
1. Configures the filter in the main configuration.
1. Prepares a Wasm program that will be used by the filter.
```
assuming that these are steps the FILTER takes ("it compiles, configures, prepares...") vs steps that we're directing the reader to take ("you should compile, configure, prepare...")

Author: These look like steps the user has to take - they have to compile the library and create the filter config, etc, before the filter can be used.
